here we are debate and Doolittle I don't
know Daniel is gonna see if he can catch
some mac a little piece of squid we're
gonna throw our baits in for rockfish
see we catch some good size rockfish
it's the Golden Gate Bridge way over
there it's the 75th anniversary today so
yeah we'll come back to you guys we need
some fish
ladies there's another jellyfish
right there oh I see that one
second I do
oh I do little rock roots here the fish
you actually might be needed
so maybe I just got a little rockfish
you're here think he's now just gonna
let this one go too small
happen pretty fast still fishing all
right we'll come back
all right we're recording she got there
baby Ling Carter something
see what the heck is that thing oh it
looks like an eel those teeth in there
maybe he'll anyone want to comment and
tell me what this fish is oh I've been
biting my finger
it's kind of mean on that part yeah the
jiggers there Wow you've got some teeth
in there know what that thing is
you're the kayaker out there baybridge
no going get rich
still fishing got the clicker on we're
not gonna keep it because we don't know
what it is
and to say we're deep in there yeah in
throwback all right
come back
Oh
yeah I think I got one a little one yeah
I got a little one what the hell is that
thing
it's like the same thing that you caught
probably the same one - this is a little
snake fish or something I don't know
what that is getting comment and tell me
let's let her go psych
real yeah see what you got oh yeah you
got him see you nice one oh yeah you got
a nice one
boom up fast that's an eater that's a
neat it home up whoo nice one you got
you in the rocks and then you got them
back cuz jibs are all ripped up his lips
are all mangled
Wow I can't believe you got that fish in
stay high nice one
all right come back okay my dad he's
either got a big shark or a big gray oh
he's got a shark he's got a leopard
nice that's a keeper
good with the incoming tide
hold that
you're shaking his head
nice oh my gosh leader broke your hold
them up for the camera
yep
are you trying to get him down there
oh yeah that's a keeper right there
oh yeah
good good okay Daniel just cut this
little I don't know what this is it
looks like a lean cop though it be
careful they have teeth yeah still
fishing about to go to our bat rate spot
pretty soon have some lunch and then go
there but doing pretty good we got a
shark a couple nice-sized rockfish got a
couple of these small snake like
whatever lean card whatever it is you've
seen a lot of jellyfish on the water too
all right um come back to you guys